Update sitl-native-on-windows.rst (#3967)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/sitl-native-on-windows.rst

Setting up SITL on Windows
==========================

SITL was originally developed on Linux, but can also be built and run *natively* on Windows. It can also be run on a virtual machine (Linux) hosted on Windows, Mac OSX, or Linux or by using the Windows Subsytem for Linux (WSL).

Currently, the simplest way to run SITL on Windows is to build the code and simulate using WSL:  :ref:`dev:building-setup-windows10`

> 

Reviewer: I would add a `::note ` around these parts with a warning about only using cygwin for building mission planner binaries.

Reviewer 2: going to merge and add note immediately after....

Setting up SITL on Windows
==========================

SITL was originally developed on Linux, but can also be built and run *natively* on Windows. It can also be run on a virtual machine (Linux) hosted on Windows, Mac OSX, or Linux or by using the Windows Subsytem for Linux (WSL).

> Currently, the simplest way to run SITL on Windows is to use WSL: https://ardupilot.org/dev/docs/building-setup-windows10.html?highlight=wsl#using-sitl-with-wsl-and-xwindows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the simplest way to run SITL on Windows is to use build the code and simulate using WSL:  :ref:`building-setup-windows10`
```

> To set up WSL follow these instructions: https://ardupilot.org/dev/docs/building-setup-windows10.html?highlight=wsl#setting-up-the-build-environment-on-windows10-using-wsl1-or-wsl2

Reviewer 2: remove line 11...dupication
